com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/view_models/HistoryViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.view_models.HistoryViewModel_HiltModules
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.view_models.HistoryViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.view_models.HistoryViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/view_models/HistoryViewModel_Factory.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.view_models.HistoryViewModel_Factory
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/view_models/GameOverViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.view_models.GameOverViewModel_HiltModules
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.view_models.GameOverViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.view_models.GameOverViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/BuildConfig.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.BuildConfig
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/repository/GameOverRepository_Factory.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.repository.GameOverRepository_Factory
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/databinding/FragmentGameOverBinding.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.databinding.FragmentGameOverBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_ui_screens_FragmentGameOver_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_ui_screens_FragmentGameOver_GeneratedInjector
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/view_models/GameOverViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.view_models.GameOverViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.view_models.GameOverViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/Hilt_MyApp.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.Hilt_MyApp
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.Hilt_MyApp$1
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/databinding/FragmentGameOverBindingImpl.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.databinding.FragmentGameOverBindingImpl
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCI
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCI
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/database/SummaryDatabase_Impl.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.database.SummaryDatabase_Impl
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.database.SummaryDatabase_Impl$1
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/databinding/Fragment2BindingImpl.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.databinding.Fragment2BindingImpl
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/repository/HistoryRepository_Factory.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.repository.HistoryRepository_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_ui_screens_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_ui_screens_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_view_models_GameOverViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_view_models_GameOverViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/ui/screens/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.ui.screens.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.ui.screens.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/BR.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.BR
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/ui/screens/FragmentSplash_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.ui.screens.FragmentSplash_GeneratedInjector
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/databinding/Fragment1BindingImpl.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.databinding.Fragment1BindingImpl
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/databinding/FragmentHistoryBinding.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.databinding.FragmentHistoryBinding
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/view_models/GameOverViewModel_Factory.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.view_models.GameOverViewModel_Factory
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/DataBindingInfo.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DataBindingInfo
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_MyApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_MyApp_GeneratedInjector
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/databinding/Fragment3Binding.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.databinding.Fragment3Binding
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/databinding/Fragment3BindingImpl.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.databinding.Fragment3BindingImpl
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/ui/screens/Hilt_FragmentSplash.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.ui.screens.Hilt_FragmentSplash
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_MyApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_MyApp
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/ui/screens/FragmentHistory_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.ui.screens.FragmentHistory_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_ui_screens_FragmentSplash_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_ui_screens_FragmentSplash_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_view_models_HistoryViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_view_models_HistoryViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_ui_screens_FragmentHistory_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_ui_screens_FragmentHistory_GeneratedInjector
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/ui/screens/FragmentGameOver_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.ui.screens.FragmentGameOver_GeneratedInjector
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/ui/screens/Hilt_FragmentGameOver.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.ui.screens.Hilt_FragmentGameOver
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_view_models_GameOverViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_view_models_GameOverViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/MyApp_HiltComponents.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/database/SummaryDao_Impl.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.database.SummaryDao_Impl
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.database.SummaryDao_Impl$1
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.database.SummaryDao_Impl$2
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.database.SummaryDao_Impl$3
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.database.SummaryDao_Impl$4
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.database.SummaryDao_Impl$5
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/ui/screens/Hilt_FragmentHistory.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.ui.screens.Hilt_FragmentHistory
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/databinding/FragmentHistoryBindingImpl.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.databinding.FragmentHistoryBindingImpl
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/databinding/HistoryItemBinding.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.databinding.HistoryItemBinding
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/databinding/HistoryItemBindingImpl.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.databinding.HistoryItemBindingImpl
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/view_models/HistoryViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.view_models.HistoryViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.view_models.HistoryViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/MyApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.MyApp_GeneratedInjector
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/ui/screens/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.ui.screens.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/databinding/Fragment2Binding.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.databinding.Fragment2Binding
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_MyApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_MyApp
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_di_AppModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_view_models_HistoryViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_trivia_kotlin_appscriptask_view_models_HistoryViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/di/AppModule_ProvideSummaryDaoFactory.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.di.AppModule_ProvideSummaryDaoFactory
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/databinding/Fragment1Binding.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.databinding.Fragment1Binding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/trivia/kotlin/appscriptask/di/AppModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory.java
 com.trivia.kotlin.appscriptask.di.AppModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory
